behold my servant whom I uphold my elect
behold my servant whom I uphold my elect one in whom my soul delights I have put
one in whom my soul delights I have put
one in whom my soul delights I have put my spirit upon him he will bring forth
my spirit upon him he will bring forth
my spirit upon him he will bring forth justice to the Gentiles he will not cry
justice to the Gentiles he will not cry
justice to the Gentiles he will not cry out nor raise his voice nor cause his
out nor raise his voice nor cause his
out nor raise his voice nor cause his voice to be heard in the street the
voice to be heard in the street the
voice to be heard in the street the bruised Reed he will not break and
bruised Reed he will not break and
bruised Reed he will not break and smoking flax he will not quench he will
smoking flax he will not quench he will
smoking flax he will not quench he will bring forth justice for truth he will
bring forth justice for truth he will
bring forth justice for truth he will not fail nor be discouraged till he has
not fail nor be discouraged till he has
not fail nor be discouraged till he has established justice in the earth and the
established justice in the earth and the
established justice in the earth and the coastlands
coastlands
coastlands shall wait for his law thus says God the
shall wait for his law thus says God the
shall wait for his law thus says God the Lord who created the heavens and
Lord who created the heavens and
Lord who created the heavens and stretched them out who spread forth the
stretched them out who spread forth the
stretched them out who spread forth the earth and that which comes from it who
earth and that which comes from it who
earth and that which comes from it who gives breath to the people on it and
gives breath to the people on it and
gives breath to the people on it and spirit to those who walk on it
spirit to those who walk on it
spirit to those who walk on it i the lord have called you in
i the lord have called you in
i the lord have called you in righteousness and will hold your hand i
righteousness and will hold your hand i
righteousness and will hold your hand i will keep you and give you as a covenant
will keep you and give you as a covenant
will keep you and give you as a covenant to the people as a light to the gentiles
to the people as a light to the gentiles
to the people as a light to the gentiles to open blind eyes to bring out
to open blind eyes to bring out
to open blind eyes to bring out prisoners from the prison who sit in
prisoners from the prison who sit in
prisoners from the prison who sit in darkness from the prisoners I am the
darkness from the prisoners I am the
darkness from the prisoners I am the Lord that is my name and my glory I will
Lord that is my name and my glory I will
Lord that is my name and my glory I will not give to another nor my praise took
not give to another nor my praise took
not give to another nor my praise took carved images behold the former things
carved images behold the former things
carved images behold the former things have come to pass
have come to pass
have come to pass and new things I declare before they
and new things I declare before they
and new things I declare before they spring forth I tell you
spring forth I tell you
spring forth I tell you [Music]
[Music]
[Music] sing to the Lord a new song and his
sing to the Lord a new song and his
sing to the Lord a new song and his praise from the ends of the earth you
praise from the ends of the earth you
praise from the ends of the earth you who go down to the sea and all that is
who go down to the sea and all that is
who go down to the sea and all that is in it you coastlands a new inhabitants
in it you coastlands a new inhabitants
in it you coastlands a new inhabitants of them let the wilderness and its
of them let the wilderness and its
of them let the wilderness and its cities lift up their voice the villages
cities lift up their voice the villages
cities lift up their voice the villages that keator inhabits let the inhabitants
that keator inhabits let the inhabitants
that keator inhabits let the inhabitants of Selah sing let them shout from the
of Selah sing let them shout from the
of Selah sing let them shout from the top of the mountains let them give glory
top of the mountains let them give glory
top of the mountains let them give glory to the Lord and declare his praise in
to the Lord and declare his praise in
to the Lord and declare his praise in the coastlands the Lord shall go forth
the coastlands the Lord shall go forth
the coastlands the Lord shall go forth like a mighty man he shall stir up his
like a mighty man he shall stir up his
like a mighty man he shall stir up his zeal like a man of war he shall cry out
zeal like a man of war he shall cry out
zeal like a man of war he shall cry out yes
yes
yes shout aloud he shall prevail against his
shout aloud he shall prevail against his
shout aloud he shall prevail against his enemies I have held my peace a long time
enemies I have held my peace a long time
enemies I have held my peace a long time I have been still and restrained myself
I have been still and restrained myself
I have been still and restrained myself now I will cry like a woman in labor
now I will cry like a woman in labor
now I will cry like a woman in labor I will pant and gasp at once I will lay
I will pant and gasp at once I will lay
I will pant and gasp at once I will lay waste to the mountains and hills and dry
waste to the mountains and hills and dry
waste to the mountains and hills and dry off all their vegetation I will make the
off all their vegetation I will make the
off all their vegetation I will make the rivers coastlands and I will dry up to
rivers coastlands and I will dry up to
rivers coastlands and I will dry up to the pools I will bring the blind by a
the pools I will bring the blind by a
the pools I will bring the blind by a way they did not know I will lead them
way they did not know I will lead them
way they did not know I will lead them in paths they have not known I will make
in paths they have not known I will make
in paths they have not known I will make darkness light before them and crooked
darkness light before them and crooked
darkness light before them and crooked places straight these things I will do
places straight these things I will do
places straight these things I will do for them and not forsake them
for them and not forsake them
for them and not forsake them they shall be turned back they shall be
they shall be turned back they shall be
they shall be turned back they shall be greatly ashamed who trust in carved
greatly ashamed who trust in carved
greatly ashamed who trust in carved images who say to the molded images you
images who say to the molded images you
images who say to the molded images you are our gods here you deaf
are our gods here you deaf
are our gods here you deaf and look you blind that you may see who
and look you blind that you may see who
and look you blind that you may see who is blind but my servant or deaf as my
is blind but my servant or deaf as my
is blind but my servant or deaf as my messenger whom I send who is blind as he
messenger whom I send who is blind as he
messenger whom I send who is blind as he who is perfect and blind as the Lord
who is perfect and blind as the Lord
who is perfect and blind as the Lord servant
servant
servant seeing many things but you do not
seeing many things but you do not
seeing many things but you do not observe opening the ears but he does not
observe opening the ears but he does not
observe opening the ears but he does not hear the Lord is well pleased for his
hear the Lord is well pleased for his
hear the Lord is well pleased for his righteousness sake he will exalt the law
righteousness sake he will exalt the law
righteousness sake he will exalt the law and make it honorable but this is a
and make it honorable but this is a
and make it honorable but this is a people robbed and plundered all of them
people robbed and plundered all of them
people robbed and plundered all of them are snared in holes and they are hidden
are snared in holes and they are hidden
are snared in holes and they are hidden in prison houses they are for prey and
in prison houses they are for prey and
in prison houses they are for prey and no one delivers for plunder and no one
no one delivers for plunder and no one
no one delivers for plunder and no one says restore who among you will give ear
says restore who among you will give ear
says restore who among you will give ear to this who will listen and hear for the
to this who will listen and hear for the
to this who will listen and hear for the time to come who gave Jacob for plunder
time to come who gave Jacob for plunder
time to come who gave Jacob for plunder and Israel to the robbers was it not the
and Israel to the robbers was it not the
and Israel to the robbers was it not the Lord he against whom we have sinned for
Lord he against whom we have sinned for
Lord he against whom we have sinned for they would not walk in his ways nor were
they would not walk in his ways nor were
they would not walk in his ways nor were they obedient to his law therefore he
they obedient to his law therefore he
they obedient to his law therefore he has poured on him the fury of his anger
has poured on him the fury of his anger
has poured on him the fury of his anger and the strength of battle it has set
and the strength of battle it has set
and the strength of battle it has set him on fire all around yet he did not
him on fire all around yet he did not
him on fire all around yet he did not know and it burned him yet he did not
know and it burned him yet he did not
know and it burned him yet he did not take it to heart
take it to heart
take it to heart you